#539 Spark schema generation works with record relations (#556)
boozallen/aissemble: DRAFT_RELEASE_NOTES.md

Spark and PySpark have been upgraded from version 3.5.2 to 3.5.4.

## Record Relation
To enable nested data records, we have added a new relation feature to the record metamodel. This allows records to 

> reference other records. For more details, refer to the [Record Relation Options].(https://boozallen.github.io/aissemble/aissemble/current-dev/record-metamodel.html#_record_relation_options).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reference other records. For more details, refer to the [Record Relation Options](https://boozallen.github.io/aissemble/aissemble/current-dev/record-metamodel.html#_record_relation_options).  
```

> reference other records. For more details, refer to the [Record Relation Options].(https://boozallen.github.io/aissemble/aissemble/current-dev/record-metamodel.html#_record_relation_options).  

Reviewer: I believe usually leave the line wrapping up to Github in the release notes, so you don't need to manually add the line break here.

Several features are still a work in progress:

> - Spark Schema validation for records with a One to Many multiplicity

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Spark-based validation for records with a One to Many multiplicity. (POJO validation is available.)
```
